chore: move hyper to a newer MSRV (#4983)
aws/s2n-tls: bindings/rust/README.md

* libclang - this is usually installed through your system's package manager
* libssl-dev
* pkg-config
## Usage

Generating rust bindings can be accomplished by running the `generate.sh` script:

```
$ ./bindings/rust/extended/generate.sh
```

This script generates the low-level bindings in the crate `s2n-tls-sys`, which is used by the `s2n-tls` crate to provide higher-level bindings.
See [s2n-tls-sys](https://github.com/aws/s2n-tls/blob/main/bindings/rust/s2n-tls-sys/README.md) for more information on `s2n-tls-sys` crate.

## Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV)

There are two rust bindings workspaces that have different MSRV policies. Crates in `standard` maintain a rolling MSRV policy of at least 6 months. Crates in `extended` maintain an older MSRV for increased support.

### Extended

> The current MSRV for `s2n-tls`, `s2n-tls-sys` and `s2n-tls-tokio` is [1.63.0](https://releases.rs/docs/1.63.0/).

Reviewer: Let's list the "standard" policy first?

```suggestion
Crates in the `extended` workspace currently have support an "extended" MSRV of [1.63.0](https://releases.rs/docs/1.63.0/). This is a temporary state. Customers must not rely on `s2n-tls` crates maintaining this level of stability. We expect to revert back to the mentioned standard policy shortly.
```

### Standard

We will maintain a rolling MSRV (minimum supported rust version) policy of at least 6 months. The current s2n-quic version is not guaranteed to build on Rust versions earlier than the MSRV.

> The current MSRV for the standard workspace is [1.74.0](https://releases.rs/docs/1.74.0/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

In this case we probably don't want to explicitly mention the MSRV, because we'll either need to update it every time we bump the MSRV or it's going to be inaccurate.
